{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Website content\
\
About:\
\
Hi, I\'92m Ollie. Well already that\'92s kinda complicated. I was born Michael Oliver Smith, but on my first day of university to begin my new journey as a full fledged adult out of the family home I decided to go by my middle name - thus, Ollie was born. \
\
I have spent many many years working online, developing websites, consulting, managing and strategies. All with the end goal of bringing value to whomever I work with\'92s online presence. \
\
\
Projects:\
\
Miguel Chevalier. \
\
I have enjoyed a long and lasting partnership with Miguel Chevalier keeping all of his online presence on point. It first began when Miguel needed an application to archive al of the work that he has to date, and has ended with us building in collaboration a piece of software that enables members of the public to build and create digital assets to be displayed in an art gallery in Munich, Germany. \
\
Presently Miguel, his team and I work together to manage and maintain his online presence. The work with Miguel is exciting and varied. \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\ul Open Eye Gallery\ulnone \
\
Treestory\
\
Ceri Hand\
\
Womens organisation\
\
Laurence Simons / Chief \
\
About:\
\
About me, my professional journey, my passions. What drives me. My qualifications. Why I want to work with you }